Your team is examining the optimal approach for configuring several Ethereum nodes. As part of this effort, you are responsible for establishing an Ethereum full-node (execution client + consensus client without a validator client) within the Holesky Testnet and producing documentation detailing your methodology. This documentation should be sufficiently detailed to show your progress. If you've successfully set it up, this documentation should enable another DevOps / SRE engineer to set up/configure a full-node without encountering significant errors or issues.
This is a Task Home Assignment, and we expect you to complete it asynchronously within a maximum of 10 days from today.
So, please kindly:
1. On the Holesky Testnet, attempt to deploy an Ethereum full-node, utilizing Nethermind as the execution client and any consensus client on any operating system. You can use any deployment tool.
2. You should share your progress in a professional document format such as .doc or .pdf. This can be done separately from this examination, for instance, by emailing our recruiter a Google Drive link or including the documentation link in this task answer.
Again, the expectation is that this documentation should be concise but sufficiently detailed to show your progress to your team, who might be in another time zone.
3. (Bonus) If you managed to set it up, attach the evidence in the same documentation that your full-node is operational by making requests to each client API (Execution Layer JSON-RPC API for the execution client and Beacon Chain API for the consensus client) and attaching logs or screenshots of the commands used and its results.